{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 II_Ia: This EEG dataset is slow cortical potentials (SCPs) recorded from a healthy subject\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa374\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Experimental paradigm\uc0\u65306 The subject was asked to move a cursor up and down on a computer screen, while his cortical potentials were taken. During the recording, the subject received visual feedback of his slow cortical potentials (Cz-Mastoids).\'a0 Cortical positivity lead to a downward movement of the cursor on the screen.\'a0 Cortical negativity lead to an upward movement of the cursor.\'a0 Each trial lasted 6s. During every trial, the task was visually presented by a highlighted goal at either the top or bottom of the screen to indicate negativity or positivity from second 0.5 until the end of the trial. The visual feedback was presented from second 2 to second 5.5. Only this 3.5 second interval of every trial is provided for training and testing. The sampling rate of 256 Hz and the recording length of 3.5s results in 896 samples per channel for every trial. Besides, the detailed descriptions are also publicly available online at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bbci.de/competition/ii/tuebingen_desc_i.html"}}{\fldrslt https://www.bbci.de/competition/ii/tuebingen_desc_i.html}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Trial structure overview: \uc0\u8232 Duration: 6 s, no inter trial intervals \u8232 Task presentation: from 0.5 s to 6.0 s \u8232 Feedback period: from 2.0 s to 5.5 s\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
6 recording channels: \
Channel 1: A1-Cz (10/20 system) (A1 = left mastoid) \
Channel 2: A2-Cz \
Channel 3: 2 cm frontal of C3 \
Channel 4: 2 cm parietal of C3 \
Channel 5: 2 cm frontal of C4 \
Channel 6: 2 cm parietal of C4 \
\
Sampling rate: 256Hz\
Each channel contains 896 samples\
\
\
Data details:\
II_Ia is a 2-class EEG dataset and it in total contains 268 EEG trials recorded from 2 sessions: 168 trials from session 1 and\
100 trials from session 2.  Each trial contains 5377 samples, in which the first column codes the class of the trial (i.e.,1/2). \
The remaining columns contain samples of the 6 EEG channels (5376 in total). In detail, it starts with 896 samples from \
channel 1 and ends with 896 samples from channel 6. \
Additionally, Class 1 contains 135 trials * 5377 samples and Class 2 contains 133 trials * 5377 samples.}